README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Reefy

**A tvOS-focused Jellyfin client**

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tvOS-17+-blue"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin-10.11-9962be"/>

</div>

> **Note:** This project has been officially renamed to **Reefy** on GitHub. It is an independent project, not affiliated with or endorsed by [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org) or [Swiftfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/swiftfin). It is a fork of Swiftfin, developed separately with a focus on Apple TV.

---

## About

**Reefy** is a native Jellyfin media client built exclusively for Apple TV. It uses VLC for direct playback and is designed to feel native on tvOS.

This project focuses purely on the tvOS experience — no iOS, just Apple TV. Will likely launch a Testflight (BETA) in January 2026.

---

## Features

- **tvOS 18 Liquid Glass** — Native glass transport bar with tvOS 17 fallback
- **Redesigned playback controls** — Clean layout in bottom 15% of screen
- **Native progress slider** — Pill-shaped, 8px height
- **Full-screen item views** — Proper detail views, not cards
- **Improved focus states** — Smooth scale animations on button focus
- **tvOS 18+ compatibility** — Sheet presentation and TextField fixes

---

## Installation

Available via TestFlight.

<!-- TestFlight link coming soon -->

---

## Acknowledgments

Built on the work of:
- [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org) — The free software media system
- [Swiftfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/swiftfin) — The original Swift client this project was forked from

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

docs: Clarify project motivation - modern, fully-functional tvOS client

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Reefy

**A tvOS-focused Jellyfin client**

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tvOS-17+-blue"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin-10.11-9962be"/>

</div>

> **Note:** This project has been officially renamed to **Reefy** on GitHub. It is an independent project, not affiliated with or endorsed by [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org) or [Swiftfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/swiftfin). It is a fork of Swiftfin, developed separately with a focus on Apple TV.

---

## About

**Reefy** is a native Jellyfin media client built exclusively for Apple TV. It uses VLC for direct playback and is designed to feel native on tvOS.

I forked Swiftfin to build a **modern, fully-functional client that keeps up with tvOS and Jellyfin**. The goal is simple: access your videos with current features and a polished experience.

This project focuses purely on the tvOS experience — no iOS, just Apple TV.

---

## Features

- **tvOS 18 Liquid Glass** — Native glass transport bar with tvOS 17 fallback
- **Redesigned playback controls** — Clean layout in bottom 15% of screen
- **Native progress slider** — Pill-shaped, 8px height
- **Full-screen item views** — Proper detail views, not cards
- **Improved focus states** — Smooth scale animations on button focus
- **tvOS 18+ compatibility** — Sheet presentation and TextField fixes

---

## Installation

Available via TestFlight.

<!-- TestFlight link coming soon -->

---

## Acknowledgments

Built on the work of:
- [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org) — The free software media system
- [Swiftfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/swiftfin) — The original Swift client this project was forked from

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](LICENSE.md).
